## CSS is harder than I thought

I was hoping to be working on my Javascript at this point, but I have not gotten yet to the point where I feel that I have mastered CSS enough to actually start doing Javascript on my webpage. Is that weird?
My way of thinking is that I would be going through the MDN curriculum, going through each module one by one and building the foundations while building my "Personal Portfolio" using the tricks I learned along
the way. But the more I go through the material and trying to implement the things I want to implement, I feel like I'm learning the things I need to learn the wrong way.

I feel like I should just be skimming the material and going back to it as needed, and that is what I did notice myself doing. I don't remember *all* the things I could be doing in CSS, and I do have to come back to
notes, watch youtube videos, or go to codepen and look up examples. And maybe that's the way I should be going about this.

The three months I spent reading and re-reading the MDN curriculum just made me feel defeated as I couldn't processes the fact that I'm not mastering CSS as fast as I want. And realistically, I probably cannot master
it in a few weeks. It has been years since I last dabbled in web development, and there is a lot of catching up that I need to do.

But in that sense, I feel like I am learning C# and .NET way faster than I should, and perhaps it has something to do with the fact that I am building a new console application every day. It may be small programs, but I
am working on my problem solving skills, and I get to practice old concepts over and over again as a result. So maybe I should take the same approach to web development. So no more obsessing if I mastered certain topics,
I'll just get them as I go along with building apps.

So my new checklist:
- [ ] Finish my personal portfolio
- [ ] Prepare for the C# certification test
- [ ] Build first web app through ASP.NET
